README.md, before:

# PassHashGen (PHG)
PassHashGen is a program that generates passwords of specified length, number, and strength[0-3] and provides the option to hash the generated password(s). After password generation and/or hashing is complete PHG will output the hash(es), password(s), or both to the specified text file(s) or console. PHG also has the ability to read a text file of password(s) and convert them to a hash of specified type.

### Purpose
This library is for research and practice purposes. It should be used with hashcat and johntheripper to generate a set number of passwords and hashes of a specific type to test the capabilities of your system without having to use real password dumps.

### Current Hashing Algorithms: 
```md5, sha1, sha224, sha256, sha384, sha512, sha3_224, sha3_256, sha3_384, sha3_512, shake_128, shake_256```

### Future Goals
1. 1-to-1 parity with the hash types available in hashcat and johntheripper including nested hashing (within reason).
2. More options to customize the passwords generated.
3. Charset mask and dictionary/wordlist building based on password generation with randomization so it is still non-trivial to crack
4. Potentially convert to Cython or utilize Cuda/OpenCL for improved performance
5. Add Multithreading (Waitng for GIL to be removed and stable in the official Python release)
6. Add ability to suppress all console and log output

### Reporting Issues or Requesting Features
If you have a request, find a bug, or would like to help with this endevor, submit an issue or pull request on https://github.com/Laminad/passhashgen

### Known Issues
Fix log file pathing so that logs can write outside of install directory

# Dislcaimer
Please do not use this for production password hashing implementations. It has not been validated or designed for that use case. 
If you do choose to do so, I will not accept liabilty or responsibilty for the outcome.

# Usage and Performance
```
PS C:\tools\passhashgen> phg -l 25 -n 1000000 -s 3 -m sha3_512 -op pass_perf_test.txt -oh hash_perf_test.txt -pp 0 -ph 0
2024-08-09 01:47:38 - INFO - Starting password generation and/or hashing process
2024-08-09 01:47:38 - INFO - Generating 1000000 password(s) of length 25 and strength 3
2024-08-09 01:47:46 - INFO - 1000000 passwords generated of strength 3 using the characters: 1234567890abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ!@#$%^&*()
2024-08-09 01:47:46 - INFO - Generating 1000000 password hash(es) using sha3_512
2024-08-09 01:47:47 - INFO - 1000000 hash(es) generated
2024-08-09 01:47:47 - INFO - Writing passwords and/or hashes to the output file
2024-08-09 01:47:48 - INFO - 1000000 password(s) written to output file pass_perf_test.txt
2024-08-09 01:47:49 - INFO - 1000000 hashed password(s) written to output file hash_perf_test.txt
2024-08-09 01:47:49 - INFO - A total of 1000000 password(s) and 1000000 hash(es) were generated
2024-08-09 01:47:49 - INFO - Password and/or hash generation process completed in 0:00:10.834978 seconds
```

# Installation
This script can be run standalone as long as the dependencies are installed. Pyinstaller can also be used to create binary/executable file to run. I recommend using pyinstaller as it is easier to use binaries/executables in aliases, pyinstaller will validate dependencies, and the resulting executable/binary will be more performant than the .py file.

### Dependencies
Pyinstaller should validate the dependencies, but if you have issues these are the python libraries used. Most are builtin, so they will already be part of a typically python3 installation.
```
sys
random
hashlib
logging
argparse
datetime
pip install argparse logging hashlib random datetime sys
```

### PyInstaller Instructions:
```
pip install -U pyinstaller
git clone https://github.com/Laminad/passhashgen
cd /passhashgen
pyinstaller -F passhashgen.py
```

### Post Installation:
I recommend setting up a shell alias to call the binary/executable after completing the pyinstaller build.

Linux/Unix bash/zsh:
```
[vim|nvim|nano|code] ~/.[bashrc|zshrc|bash_aliases|zsh_aliases]
alias passhashgen="/path/to/passhashgen/dist/passhashgen"
alias phg="/path/to/passhashgen/dist/passhashgen"
source ~/.[bashrc|zshrc|bash_aliases|zsh_aliases]
```

Windows Powershell: 
```
code $profile
Set-Alias -Name passhashgen -Value "C:\filepath\to\passhashgen\dist\passhashgen.exe"
Set-Alias -Name phg -Value "C:\filepath\to\passhashgen\dist\passhashgen.exe"
.$profile
```

### Testing the Install and Alias:
Linux/Unix without alias:
```
┌──(laminad㉿DESKTOP)-[~/.passhashgen/dist]
└─$ ./passhashgen -h
usage:

PassHashGen

 [-h] [-l LENGTH] [-n NUMBER] [-s STRENGTH] [-m HASH_ALGO] [-i INPUT_FILE] [-op PASS_FILE] [-oh HASH_FILE] [-pp PRINT_PASS] [-ph PRINT_HASH] [-q QUIET]

A program that generates passwords of the specified length, number, and strength with the ability to hash the password(s) after generating. If an output file(s) is/are provided the hash/passwords/both can be written to the file. If an input file of password(s) is provided it
will convert them to a hash of specified type.

options:
  -h, --help      show this help message and exit
  -l LENGTH       Flag to set the length of password(s) to randomly generate. If not set default length of 8 will be used
  -n NUMBER       Flag to set the number of password(s) to be generated. If not set default of 1 will be used
  -s STRENGTH     Flag to set the strength of password generated. Set to strong(3) by default [0-3]
  -m HASH_ALGO    Flag to set the hashing method to complete on password(s). If not set no hashing will occur. Available methods: md5, sha1, sha224, sha256, sha384, sha512, sha3_224, sha3_256, sha3_384, sha3_512, shake_128, and shake_256.
  -i INPUT_FILE   Flag to set the input file of password(s) to read and convert to hash. Default is not to read a file unless set
  -op PASS_FILE   Flag to set the output textfile to write the password(s) when complete. If not selected they will be output to console
  -oh HASH_FILE   Flag to set the output textfile to write the hash(es) when complete. If not selected they will be output to console
  -pp PRINT_PASS  Flag to enable or disable whether the password(s) print to console. Not possible to disable if no output file is provided. The default is to print the password(s) to console. 1:Enabled 0:Disabled
  -ph PRINT_HASH  Flag to enable or disable whether the hash(es) print to console. Not possible to disable if no output file is provided. The default is to print the hash(es) to console 1:Enabled 0:Disabled
  -q QUIET        Flag to enable or disable whether the status messages print to console other than hash(es) or password(s). The default is to print status to console 1:Enabled 0:Disabled

Look you want something from me and I want something from you. DOD Base 128 Bit Encryption. What do you think?
```

Linux/Unix with alias:
```
┌──(laminad㉿DESKTOP-JUJ33CH)-[/]
└─$ phg -h
usage:

PassHashGen

 [-h] [-l LENGTH] [-n NUMBER] [-s STRENGTH] [-m HASH_ALGO] [-i INPUT_FILE] [-op PASS_FILE] [-oh HASH_FILE] [-pp PRINT_PASS] [-ph PRINT_HASH] [-q QUIET]

A program that generates passwords of the specified length, number, and strength with the ability to hash the password(s) after generating. If an output file(s) is/are provided the hash/passwords/both can be written to the file. If an input file of password(s) is provided it
will convert them to a hash of specified type.

options:
  -h, --help      show this help message and exit
  -l LENGTH       Flag to set the length of password(s) to randomly generate. If not set default length of 8 will be used
  -n NUMBER       Flag to set the number of password(s) to be generated. If not set default of 1 will be used
  -s STRENGTH     Flag to set the strength of password generated. Set to strong(3) by default [0-3]
  -m HASH_ALGO    Flag to set the hashing method to complete on password(s). If not set no hashing will occur. Available methods: md5, sha1, sha224, sha256, sha384, sha512, sha3_224, sha3_256, sha3_384, sha3_512, shake_128, and shake_256.
  -i INPUT_FILE   Flag to set the input file of password(s) to read and convert to hash. Default is not to read a file unless set
  -op PASS_FILE   Flag to set the output textfile to write the password(s) when complete. If not selected they will be output to console
  -oh HASH_FILE   Flag to set the output textfile to write the hash(es) when complete. If not selected they will be output to console
  -pp PRINT_PASS  Flag to enable or disable whether the password(s) print to console. Not possible to disable if no output file is provided. The default is to print the password(s) to console. 1:Enabled 0:Disabled
  -ph PRINT_HASH  Flag to enable or disable whether the hash(es) print to console. Not possible to disable if no output file is provided. The default is to print the hash(es) to console 1:Enabled 0:Disabled
  -q QUIET        Flag to enable or disable whether the status messages print to console other than hash(es) or password(s). The default is to print status to console 1:Enabled 0:Disabled

Look you want something from me and I want something from you. DOD Base 128 Bit Encryption. What do you think?
```


Windows without alias:
```
PS C:\tools\passhashgen\dist> .\passhashgen.exe -h
usage:

PassHashGen

 [-h] [-l LENGTH] [-n NUMBER] [-s STRENGTH] [-m HASH_ALGO] [-i INPUT_FILE] [-op PASS_FILE] [-oh HASH_FILE] [-pp PRINT_PASS] [-ph PRINT_HASH] [-q QUIET]

A program that generates passwords of the specified length, number, and strength with the ability to hash the password(s) after generating. If an output file(s) is/are provided the hash/passwords/both can be written to the file. If an input file of password(s) is provided it
will convert them to a hash of specified type.

options:
  -h, --help      show this help message and exit
  -l LENGTH       Flag to set the length of password(s) to randomly generate. If not set default length of 8 will be used
  -n NUMBER       Flag to set the number of password(s) to be generated. If not set default of 1 will be used
  -s STRENGTH     Flag to set the strength of password generated. Set to strong(3) by default [0-3]
  -m HASH_ALGO    Flag to set the hashing method to complete on password(s). If not set no hashing will occur. Available methods: md5, sha1, sha224, sha256, sha384, sha512, sha3_224, sha3_256, sha3_384, sha3_512, shake_128, and shake_256.
  -i INPUT_FILE   Flag to set the input file of password(s) to read and convert to hash. Default is not to read a file unless set
  -op PASS_FILE   Flag to set the output textfile to write the password(s) when complete. If not selected they will be output to console
  -oh HASH_FILE   Flag to set the output textfile to write the hash(es) when complete. If not selected they will be output to console
  -pp PRINT_PASS  Flag to enable or disable whether the password(s) print to console. Not possible to disable if no output file is provided. The default is to print the password(s) to console. 1:Enabled 0:Disabled
  -ph PRINT_HASH  Flag to enable or disable whether the hash(es) print to console. Not possible to disable if no output file is provided. The default is to print the hash(es) to console 1:Enabled 0:Disabled
  -q QUIET        Flag to enable or disable whether the status messages print to console other than hash(es) or password(s). The default is to print status to console 1:Enabled 0:Disabled

Look you want something from me and I want something from you. DOD Base 128 Bit Encryption. What do you think?
```


Windows with alias:
```
PS C:\> phg -h
usage:

PassHashGen

 [-h] [-l LENGTH] [-n NUMBER] [-s STRENGTH] [-m HASH_ALGO] [-i INPUT_FILE] [-op PASS_FILE] [-oh HASH_FILE] [-pp PRINT_PASS] [-ph PRINT_HASH] [-q QUIET]

A program that generates passwords of the specified length, number, and strength with the ability to hash the password(s) after generating. If an output file(s) is/are provided the hash/passwords/both can be written to the file. If an input file of password(s) is provided it
will convert them to a hash of specified type.

options:
  -h, --help      show this help message and exit
  -l LENGTH       Flag to set the length of password(s) to randomly generate. If not set default length of 8 will be used
  -n NUMBER       Flag to set the number of password(s) to be generated. If not set default of 1 will be used
  -s STRENGTH     Flag to set the strength of password generated. Set to strong(3) by default [0-3]
  -m HASH_ALGO    Flag to set the hashing method to complete on password(s). If not set no hashing will occur. Available methods: md5, sha1, sha224, sha256, sha384, sha512, sha3_224, sha3_256, sha3_384, sha3_512, shake_128, and shake_256.
  -i INPUT_FILE   Flag to set the input file of password(s) to read and convert to hash. Default is not to read a file unless set
  -op PASS_FILE   Flag to set the output textfile to write the password(s) when complete. If not selected they will be output to console
  -oh HASH_FILE   Flag to set the output textfile to write the hash(es) when complete. If not selected they will be output to console
  -pp PRINT_PASS  Flag to enable or disable whether the password(s) print to console. Not possible to disable if no output file is provided. The default is to print the password(s) to console. 1:Enabled 0:Disabled
  -ph PRINT_HASH  Flag to enable or disable whether the hash(es) print to console. Not possible to disable if no output file is provided. The default is to print the hash(es) to console 1:Enabled 0:Disabled
  -q QUIET        Flag to enable or disable whether the status messages print to console other than hash(es) or password(s). The default is to print status to console 1:Enabled 0:Disabled

Look you want something from me and I want something from you. DOD Base 128 Bit Encryption. What do you think?
```

Commit message:

Fixed log pathing and validated on windows

README.md, after:

# PassHashGen (PHG)
PassHashGen is a program that generates passwords of specified length, number, and strength[0-3] and provides the option to hash the generated password(s). After password generation and/or hashing is complete PHG will output the hash(es), password(s), or both to the specified text file(s) or console. PHG also has the ability to read a text file of password(s) and convert them to a hash of specified type.

### Purpose
This library is for research and practice purposes. It should be used with hashcat and johntheripper to generate a set number of passwords and hashes of a specific type to test the capabilities of your system without having to use real password dumps.

### Current Hashing Algorithms: 
```md5, sha1, sha224, sha256, sha384, sha512, sha3_224, sha3_256, sha3_384, sha3_512, shake_128, shake_256```

### Future Goals
1. 1-to-1 parity with the hash types available in hashcat and johntheripper including nested hashing (within reason).
2. More options to customize the passwords generated.
3. Charset mask and dictionary/wordlist building based on password generation with randomization so it is still non-trivial to crack
4. Potentially convert to Cython or utilize Cuda/OpenCL for improved performance
5. Add Multithreading (Waitng for GIL to be removed and stable in the official Python release)
6. Add ability to suppress all console and log output

### Reporting Issues or Requesting Features
If you have a request, find a bug, or would like to help with this endevor, submit an issue or pull request on https://github.com/Laminad/passhashgen

### Known Issues
Fix log file pathing so that logs can write outside of install directory (I believe this is fixed. Validated on Windows)

# Dislcaimer
Please do not use this for production password hashing implementations. It has not been validated or designed for that use case. 
If you do choose to do so, I will not accept liabilty or responsibilty for the outcome.

# Usage and Performance
```
PS C:\tools\passhashgen> phg -l 25 -n 1000000 -s 3 -m sha3_512 -op pass_perf_test.txt -oh hash_perf_test.txt -pp 0 -ph 0
2024-08-09 01:47:38 - INFO - Starting password generation and/or hashing process
2024-08-09 01:47:38 - INFO - Generating 1000000 password(s) of length 25 and strength 3
2024-08-09 01:47:46 - INFO - 1000000 passwords generated of strength 3 using the characters: 1234567890abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ!@#$%^&*()
2024-08-09 01:47:46 - INFO - Generating 1000000 password hash(es) using sha3_512
2024-08-09 01:47:47 - INFO - 1000000 hash(es) generated
2024-08-09 01:47:47 - INFO - Writing passwords and/or hashes to the output file
2024-08-09 01:47:48 - INFO - 1000000 password(s) written to output file pass_perf_test.txt
2024-08-09 01:47:49 - INFO - 1000000 hashed password(s) written to output file hash_perf_test.txt
2024-08-09 01:47:49 - INFO - A total of 1000000 password(s) and 1000000 hash(es) were generated
2024-08-09 01:47:49 - INFO - Password and/or hash generation process completed in 0:00:10.834978 seconds
```

# Installation
This script can be run standalone as long as the dependencies are installed. Pyinstaller can also be used to create binary/executable file to run. I recommend using pyinstaller as it is easier to use binaries/executables in aliases, pyinstaller will validate dependencies, and the resulting executable/binary will be more performant than the .py file.

### Dependencies
Pyinstaller should validate the dependencies, but if you have issues these are the python libraries used. Most are builtin, so they will already be part of a typically python3 installation.
```
os
sys
random
hashlib
logging
argparse
platform
datetime
pip install argparse logging hashlib random datetime sys os platform
```

### PyInstaller Instructions:
```
pip install -U pyinstaller
git clone https://github.com/Laminad/passhashgen
cd /passhashgen
pyinstaller -F passhashgen.py
```

### Post Installation:
I recommend setting up a shell alias to call the binary/executable after completing the pyinstaller build.

Linux/Unix bash/zsh:
```
[vim|nvim|nano|code] ~/.[bashrc|zshrc|bash_aliases|zsh_aliases]
alias passhashgen="/path/to/passhashgen/dist/passhashgen"
alias phg="/path/to/passhashgen/dist/passhashgen"
source ~/.[bashrc|zshrc|bash_aliases|zsh_aliases]
```

Windows Powershell: 
```
code $profile
Set-Alias -Name passhashgen -Value "C:\filepath\to\passhashgen\dist\passhashgen.exe"
Set-Alias -Name phg -Value "C:\filepath\to\passhashgen\dist\passhashgen.exe"
.$profile
```

### Testing the Install and Alias:
Linux/Unix without alias:
```
┌──(laminad㉿DESKTOP)-[~/.passhashgen/dist]
└─$ ./passhashgen -h
usage:

PassHashGen

 [-h] [-l LENGTH] [-n NUMBER] [-s STRENGTH] [-m HASH_ALGO] [-i INPUT_FILE] [-op PASS_FILE] [-oh HASH_FILE] [-pp PRINT_PASS] [-ph PRINT_HASH] [-q QUIET]

A program that generates passwords of the specified length, number, and strength with the ability to hash the password(s) after generating. If an output file(s) is/are provided the hash/passwords/both can be written to the file. If an input file of password(s) is provided it
will convert them to a hash of specified type.

options:
  -h, --help      show this help message and exit
  -l LENGTH       Flag to set the length of password(s) to randomly generate. If not set default length of 8 will be used
  -n NUMBER       Flag to set the number of password(s) to be generated. If not set default of 1 will be used
  -s STRENGTH     Flag to set the strength of password generated. Set to strong(3) by default [0-3]
  -m HASH_ALGO    Flag to set the hashing method to complete on password(s). If not set no hashing will occur. Available methods: md5, sha1, sha224, sha256, sha384, sha512, sha3_224, sha3_256, sha3_384, sha3_512, shake_128, and shake_256.
  -i INPUT_FILE   Flag to set the input file of password(s) to read and convert to hash. Default is not to read a file unless set
  -op PASS_FILE   Flag to set the output textfile to write the password(s) when complete. If not selected they will be output to console
  -oh HASH_FILE   Flag to set the output textfile to write the hash(es) when complete. If not selected they will be output to console
  -pp PRINT_PASS  Flag to enable or disable whether the password(s) print to console. Not possible to disable if no output file is provided. The default is to print the password(s) to console. 1:Enabled 0:Disabled
  -ph PRINT_HASH  Flag to enable or disable whether the hash(es) print to console. Not possible to disable if no output file is provided. The default is to print the hash(es) to console 1:Enabled 0:Disabled
  -q QUIET        Flag to enable or disable whether the status messages print to console other than hash(es) or password(s). The default is to print status to console 1:Enabled 0:Disabled

Look you want something from me and I want something from you. DOD Base 128 Bit Encryption. What do you think?
```

Linux/Unix with alias:
```
┌──(laminad㉿DESKTOP-JUJ33CH)-[/]
└─$ phg -h
usage:

PassHashGen

 [-h] [-l LENGTH] [-n NUMBER] [-s STRENGTH] [-m HASH_ALGO] [-i INPUT_FILE] [-op PASS_FILE] [-oh HASH_FILE] [-pp PRINT_PASS] [-ph PRINT_HASH] [-q QUIET]

A program that generates passwords of the specified length, number, and strength with the ability to hash the password(s) after generating. If an output file(s) is/are provided the hash/passwords/both can be written to the file. If an input file of password(s) is provided it
will convert them to a hash of specified type.

options:
  -h, --help      show this help message and exit
  -l LENGTH       Flag to set the length of password(s) to randomly generate. If not set default length of 8 will be used
  -n NUMBER       Flag to set the number of password(s) to be generated. If not set default of 1 will be used
  -s STRENGTH     Flag to set the strength of password generated. Set to strong(3) by default [0-3]
  -m HASH_ALGO    Flag to set the hashing method to complete on password(s). If not set no hashing will occur. Available methods: md5, sha1, sha224, sha256, sha384, sha512, sha3_224, sha3_256, sha3_384, sha3_512, shake_128, and shake_256.
  -i INPUT_FILE   Flag to set the input file of password(s) to read and convert to hash. Default is not to read a file unless set
  -op PASS_FILE   Flag to set the output textfile to write the password(s) when complete. If not selected they will be output to console
  -oh HASH_FILE   Flag to set the output textfile to write the hash(es) when complete. If not selected they will be output to console
  -pp PRINT_PASS  Flag to enable or disable whether the password(s) print to console. Not possible to disable if no output file is provided. The default is to print the password(s) to console. 1:Enabled 0:Disabled
  -ph PRINT_HASH  Flag to enable or disable whether the hash(es) print to console. Not possible to disable if no output file is provided. The default is to print the hash(es) to console 1:Enabled 0:Disabled
  -q QUIET        Flag to enable or disable whether the status messages print to console other than hash(es) or password(s). The default is to print status to console 1:Enabled 0:Disabled

Look you want something from me and I want something from you. DOD Base 128 Bit Encryption. What do you think?
```


Windows without alias:
```
PS C:\tools\passhashgen\dist> .\passhashgen.exe -h
usage:

PassHashGen

 [-h] [-l LENGTH] [-n NUMBER] [-s STRENGTH] [-m HASH_ALGO] [-i INPUT_FILE] [-op PASS_FILE] [-oh HASH_FILE] [-pp PRINT_PASS] [-ph PRINT_HASH] [-q QUIET]

A program that generates passwords of the specified length, number, and strength with the ability to hash the password(s) after generating. If an output file(s) is/are provided the hash/passwords/both can be written to the file. If an input file of password(s) is provided it
will convert them to a hash of specified type.

options:
  -h, --help      show this help message and exit
  -l LENGTH       Flag to set the length of password(s) to randomly generate. If not set default length of 8 will be used
  -n NUMBER       Flag to set the number of password(s) to be generated. If not set default of 1 will be used
  -s STRENGTH     Flag to set the strength of password generated. Set to strong(3) by default [0-3]
  -m HASH_ALGO    Flag to set the hashing method to complete on password(s). If not set no hashing will occur. Available methods: md5, sha1, sha224, sha256, sha384, sha512, sha3_224, sha3_256, sha3_384, sha3_512, shake_128, and shake_256.
  -i INPUT_FILE   Flag to set the input file of password(s) to read and convert to hash. Default is not to read a file unless set
  -op PASS_FILE   Flag to set the output textfile to write the password(s) when complete. If not selected they will be output to console
  -oh HASH_FILE   Flag to set the output textfile to write the hash(es) when complete. If not selected they will be output to console
  -pp PRINT_PASS  Flag to enable or disable whether the password(s) print to console. Not possible to disable if no output file is provided. The default is to print the password(s) to console. 1:Enabled 0:Disabled
  -ph PRINT_HASH  Flag to enable or disable whether the hash(es) print to console. Not possible to disable if no output file is provided. The default is to print the hash(es) to console 1:Enabled 0:Disabled
  -q QUIET        Flag to enable or disable whether the status messages print to console other than hash(es) or password(s). The default is to print status to console 1:Enabled 0:Disabled

Look you want something from me and I want something from you. DOD Base 128 Bit Encryption. What do you think?
```


Windows with alias:
```
PS C:\> phg -h
usage:

PassHashGen

 [-h] [-l LENGTH] [-n NUMBER] [-s STRENGTH] [-m HASH_ALGO] [-i INPUT_FILE] [-op PASS_FILE] [-oh HASH_FILE] [-pp PRINT_PASS] [-ph PRINT_HASH] [-q QUIET]

A program that generates passwords of the specified length, number, and strength with the ability to hash the password(s) after generating. If an output file(s) is/are provided the hash/passwords/both can be written to the file. If an input file of password(s) is provided it
will convert them to a hash of specified type.

options:
  -h, --help      show this help message and exit
  -l LENGTH       Flag to set the length of password(s) to randomly generate. If not set default length of 8 will be used
  -n NUMBER       Flag to set the number of password(s) to be generated. If not set default of 1 will be used
  -s STRENGTH     Flag to set the strength of password generated. Set to strong(3) by default [0-3]
  -m HASH_ALGO    Flag to set the hashing method to complete on password(s). If not set no hashing will occur. Available methods: md5, sha1, sha224, sha256, sha384, sha512, sha3_224, sha3_256, sha3_384, sha3_512, shake_128, and shake_256.
  -i INPUT_FILE   Flag to set the input file of password(s) to read and convert to hash. Default is not to read a file unless set
  -op PASS_FILE   Flag to set the output textfile to write the password(s) when complete. If not selected they will be output to console
  -oh HASH_FILE   Flag to set the output textfile to write the hash(es) when complete. If not selected they will be output to console
  -pp PRINT_PASS  Flag to enable or disable whether the password(s) print to console. Not possible to disable if no output file is provided. The default is to print the password(s) to console. 1:Enabled 0:Disabled
  -ph PRINT_HASH  Flag to enable or disable whether the hash(es) print to console. Not possible to disable if no output file is provided. The default is to print the hash(es) to console 1:Enabled 0:Disabled
  -q QUIET        Flag to enable or disable whether the status messages print to console other than hash(es) or password(s). The default is to print status to console 1:Enabled 0:Disabled

Look you want something from me and I want something from you. DOD Base 128 Bit Encryption. What do you think?
```
